{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10001\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf330
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red153\green102\blue51;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw11904\paperh16836\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12400\viewh12920\viewkind0
\pard\tx285\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f1\b\fs28 FAQ for Mac port
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\

\f1\b \
\pard\tx285\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Differences and similarities between the Mac and the PC version
\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx285\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf3 1. SRAM file (.srm), freeze game (save state) file (.frz), cheat file (.cht), SNES movie file (.smv)\cf0 \
	These files are compatible, except for the extension of the save state file. The only difference is that the Mac port puts the thumbnail screenshot into the resource fork of .frz and .smv files, but the resource fork is usually deleted or separated when you send the file to your friends who use a PC.\
\
\cf3 2. The place of files (.srm, .cht, .ips, Graphics packs...)\cf0 \
	You can choose where Snes9x will look for cheats, patches, saved states, etc in the "Files" tab of the preferences.\
	Snes9x folder - The subdirectories will be searched in the same folder as Snes9x.\
	ROM folder - The files will all be in the same folder as the ROM being used.\
	Application Support folder - The subdirectories will be created in /Users/yourname/Library/Application Support/Snes9x and searched there.\
\
\cf3 3. Key mapping\cf0 \
	The key mapping default settings are different. For example, the A-button is the command key on the Mac, while it's the D-key in Windows.\
\
\cf3 4. User interface\cf0 \
	All of the menus and dialogs are different.\
\
\cf3 5. AVI or QuickTime export\cf0 \
	Mac port supports QuickTime export instead of AVI export in Windows port.\
\
\cf3 6. Sound effect\cf0 \
	This feature is Mac only because it uses Mac OS X's sound processing features.\
\
\cf3 7. Netplay\cf0 \
	Snes9x's netplay is incompatible between platforms.\
\
\cf3 8. Command line\cf0 \
	The Mac port doesn't support command line.\
\
\
\pard\tx285\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf2 Q&A
\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx285\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf3 1. Game xxxx works on my friend's PC. Why can't I get it to work on my Mac?\cf0 \
	The PC version of Snes9x partially uses x86 asm code in place of the C code used on the Mac, which might cause a difference in compatibility. If you find this kind of problem, please tell us.\
\
\cf3 2. Why won't games respond to my keyboard?\cf0 \
	The problem was that OSX 10.2.x had a bug in it where the authentication dialog turns off GetKeys() (the function that reads keyboard state) when the user enters his password, and does't turn it back on. This bug has been fixed in 10.3.x.\
\
\cf3 3. How can I enter the Game Genie code in the Cheat Entry dialog?\cf0 \
	Simply enter the code directly into the address column. Snes9x automatically translates the Game Genie Code to the general format.\
\
\cf3 4. Everything is fine when I play the game, but the next time I play, my save data is not there. Why?\cf0 \
	Saving files into a locked volume will fail. Check where you are saving files in Preferences dialog. Also be sure to set where you intend to save the files to, if you do not it may not load them correctly, or save them correctly for that matter.\
\
\cf3 5. I connected my joypad but it doesn't work.\cf0 \
	Joypads cannot be used until you configure its settings in the "Configure Controllers" dialog.\
\
\cf3 6. Why doesn't Far East of Eden Zero / Momotarou Dentetsu Happy work?\cf0 \
	These games, as well as a few others, contained a rare processor called SPC7110, with a rather nasty compression scheme, making it hard to properly crack. It is possible to play these on Snes9x, though you need to obtain the aptly named "graphics packs" which contain the uncompressed graphics of those games. After you have obtained these you can fiddle with setting them up, which is explained in the read me, and then you too can play your emulated copy of the games you no doubt own.\
\
\cf3 7.	I picked up a freeze file from Snes9x 1.3.9b and put it into  freeze folder, but didn't recognize it at all. Why?\cf0 \
	The freeze filename is different between the two. Rename it.\
\
\cf3 8.	Is it legal?\cf0 \
	This has been asked time and again, and the answer is yes. Developing, downloading, or using the emulator, Snes9x, is completely legal. Downloading games, called ROMS, however is not. If you own the original cartridge of a game, you are still not entitled to download the ROM image of that game. You may create a single backup image of your own cartridge via proper hardware, but it must be YOUR cartridge and is only usable in place of the original... so only one may be active at any time. Many sites claim that you may legally download ROMs for up to 24 hours before they must be deleted. This is also wrong; you can't legally download these for "trial" purposes. You can't download ROMs for educational purposes either. If you wish to use Super Nintendo Entertainment System games for educational purposes, contact your closest Nintendo Outlet and discuss educational programming with them. Finally, a small number of ROMs are labeled "(PD)". This means public domain, and these games are not under copyright. As such they are legal to download at your hearts content. These include programs created by internet users such as yourself for use in Super Nintendo emulators. As of this time there are no commercial videogames in the public domain.\
\
\cf3 9.	My friend, Tibby, says that you are wrong and that game companies don't care if you download games!\cf0 \
	Whilst not actually a question, and more of a statement, I am afraid Tibby is incorrect.  Feel free to peruse the various legal documentation sprawled throughout the World Wide Web or your local constituency. As for the blatant generalization that companies do not care; At least one does, and truthfully many more do as well, as such the statement is obviously a fallacy. For those who think it is not fair, or shouldn't be the way it is... perhaps not, though as holders of a copyright it is up to Nintendo to decide how and when their products are distributed. \
\
\cf3 10. I just purchased your fine program off eBay for $19.89, but my friend says I can download it for free. Can you guys give me my money back?\cf0 \
	Okay, this question hasn't actually been asked, however our free downloadable program does seem to get sold on eBay more often than it should, which is to say at all. We cannot reimburse anyone who was unlucky enough to be scammed into purchasing Snes9x, just as McDonalds cannot reimburse you if you purchased 100 Happy Meals from a random stranger and he gave you a frozen fish. If you find yourself in this situation... Purchasing Snes9x, not frozen fish... Please take the time to inform eBay via their heavily disguised investigations department, and leave any negative feedback that you wish. It would also be appreciated by the Snes9x team if you could mention where and when this happened so that we can take measures to stop it from happening again. While the fact we aren't making money from the program in no way bothers us (It is freeware after all), that some grubby bastards are does.\
\
\cf3 11. So err, where exactly do I contact y'all, eh?\cf0 \
	The most convenient way to contact us would be via www.snes9x.com. There is a forum that is checked at least 12 times a day by regulars, and at least a few of us can actually give some advice. E-mail is also a possibility, though it is much slower, and you'll hafta find the e-mail addresses on your own. Be sure to read the FAQ and Read me before posting, as things already answered many a time will probably result in random insults or heavy sarcasm.\
}